Prepare 1.2.0 June release (#1912)
haskell/haskell-language-server: ChangeLog.md

# Changelog for haskell-language-server

## 1.2.0

> We finally release a new version of Haskell Language Server!

Reviewer: This sentence threw me for a loop the first few times I read it. Maybe something like this instead?

```suggestion
We have finally released a new version of Haskell Language Server!
```

Reviewer: or if you want something more active

```suggestion
We are finally releasing a new version of Haskell Language Server!
```

  Note that macOS version is unfortunately not included in this release because of [a GHC issue with `network` package](https://gitlab.haskell.org/ghc/ghc/-/issues/19968).
- HLS wrapper and GHCIDE session loader uses the same logic with implicit-hie.  
  This fixes [a build issue](https://github.com/haskell/haskell-language-server/issues/1782) of a stack project with implicit `hie.yaml` .
- Wingman plugin has added numerous features and fixed many bugs:
  - It now supports tactic metaprogramming!  
    For list of commands, see [this document](https://github.com/haskell/haskell-language-server/blob/master/plugins/hls-tactics-plugin/COMMANDS.md#wingman-metaprogram-command-reference).  
    ![https://github.com/haskell/haskell-language-server/blob/master/plugins/hls-tactics-plugin/COMMANDS.md#wingman-metaprogram-command-reference](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/307223/118190278-bdf24f80-b3f7-11eb-8838-b08a2582d7f1.gif)
  - "Refine hole" and "Split all function arguments" code actions are publicly opened.
  - "Empty case split" code lens is added.

>   - The name generator is fixed [to avoid dangerous summon rituals](https://github.com/haskell/haskell-language-server/pull/1771).

Reviewer: :+1:
